docs/index.md, before:

---
hide:
  - navigation
  - toc
---

# NexOTC — Redefining OTC: Private. Secure. Trustless.

🚀 **Welcome to NexOTC** — the first platform where P2P trades are matched, negotiated, and executed with **privacy**, **compliance**, and **full control** — **without intermediaries**.

<figure markdown>
  ![NexOTC Hero](assets/images/hero.png){ width="100%" }
</figure>

## Why NexOTC?

- 🔐 **Trustless OTC Escrow** — Smart contract-driven, without custodial risks
- 🤖 **AI Matchmaking Agents** — Automatically connect counterparties by analyzing trade terms, volume, compliance preferences, and behavioral patterns
- 🧩 **zk-SNARK Compliance** — KYC/AML verification with zero data exposure
- 🛡️ **Multi-Layered Privacy** — Proxy wallets, selective disclosure and multi-sig support
- 💸 **Tiered Fee System** — Optimized fees across $25K-$100M+ OTC deals

<div style="margin-top: 2em">
<a href="welcome/getting-started/" class="md-button md-button--primary">
Get Started
</a>
<a href="modules/overview/" class="md-button">
Learn more
</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Update Docs Structure + Index Content

docs/index.md, after:

---
hide:
  - navigation
  - toc
---

# NexOTC

> _Private. Secure. Trustless OTC Trading._

🚀 **Welcome to NexOTC** — the first platform where P2P trades are matched, negotiated and executed with **privacy**, **compliance** and **full control** — **without intermediaries or custodial risk**.

<figure markdown>
  ![NexOTC Hero](assets/images/hero.png){ width="100%" }
</figure>

## Why NexOTC?

- 🔐 **Trustless OTC Escrow** — Enforces OTC trade terms via smart contracts - with time-based execution, tranche settlement and multi-asset support — without intermediaries or custodial risk.
- 🤖 **AI Matchmaking Agents** — Automatically connect counterparties by analyzing trade terms, volume, compliance preferences and behavioral patterns
- 🧩 **zk-SNARK Compliance** — KYC/AML verification with zero data exposure
- 🛡️ **Multi-Layered Privacy** — Proxy wallets, selective disclosure and multi-sig support
- 💸 **Fee & Commission Structure** — Handles all fees and commission routing — from platform deals to introducer payouts — across $25K-$100M OTC trades.
- 🏦 **Custom Institutional Desks** — Launch private OTC desks with dedicated trade parameters, wallet controls and post-trade reporting — built for funds, family offices and enterprises.

<div style="margin-top: 2em">
<a href="nexotc/getting-started/" class="md-button md-button--primary">
Get Started
</a>
<a href="modules/overview/" class="md-button">
Learn more
</a>
</div>
